so you know if you're trying to figure out when to do a formal report
for a possible suicide risk your best resource to go to is going to
be your command suicide prevention coordinator that individual has been
trained and understands the resources of when to report they also
have points of contact at medical chaplain fleet family in order to
get support for the individual who is possibly at risk so go and talk
with your suicide prevention coordinator and they will guide you
through using the binder and resources that they have on when and how
to make those official reports and who those reports need actually
go to